Readme tweaks (#116)
nf-core/viralrecon: README.md

[![GitHub Actions CI Status](https://github.com/nf-core/viralrecon/workflows/nf-core%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nf-core/viralrecon/actions)
[![GitHub Actions Linting Status](https://github.com/nf-core/viralrecon/workflows/nf-core%20linting/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nf-core/viralrecon/actions)
[![Nextflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/nextflow-%E2%89%A519.10.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.nextflow.io/)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.3872730.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3872730)

[![install with bioconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-bioconda-brightgreen.svg)](http://bioconda.github.io/)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/docker/automated/nfcore/viralrecon.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/nfcore/viralrecon)

> [![Get help on Slack](http://img.shields.io/badge/slack-nf--core%20%23viralrecon-4A154B?logo=slack)](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/viralrecon)

Reviewer: 💯

## Introduction

**nfcore/viralrecon** is a bioinformatics analysis pipeline used to perform assembly and intrahost/low-frequency variant calling for viral samples.

> The pipeline supports short-read illumina data from both shotgun and enriched library preparation methods (amplicon, target enrichment).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The pipeline supports short-read Illumina sequencing data from both shotgun (e.g. sequencing directly from clinical samples) and enrichment-based library preparation methods (e.g. amplicon-based: [ARTIC SARS-CoV-2 enrichment protocol](https://artic.network/ncov-2019); or probe-capture-based).
```

The pipeline supports short-read illumina data from both shotgun and enriched library preparation methods (amplicon, target enrichment).

> This pipeline is a re-implementation of the [SARS_Cov2_consensus-nf](https://github.com/BU-ISCIII/SARS_Cov2_consensus-nf) and [SARS_Cov2_assembly-nf](https://github.com/BU-ISCIII/SARS_Cov2_assembly-nf) pipelines initially developed by [Sarai Varona](https://github.com/svarona) and [Sara Monzon](https://github.com/saramonzon) from [BU-ISCIII](https://github.com/BU-ISCIII). Porting both of these pipelines to nf-core was an international collaboration between numerous contributors and developers, led by [Harshil Patel](https://github.com/drpatelh) from the [The Bioinformatics & Biostatistics Group](https://www.crick.ac.uk/research/science-technology-platforms/bioinformatics-and-biostatistics/) at [The Francis Crick Institute](https://www.crick.ac.uk/), London. We appreciated the need to have a portable, reproducible and scalable pipeline for the analysis of COVID-19 sequencing samples and so the Avengers Assembled! Please come and join us and add yourself to the contributor list :)

Author: Whilst this paragraph is nice, it seems to be essentially a duplicate of the information that is contained in the _Credits_ section below. So I deleted it. Let me know if you'd like to keep any of this information (preferably moved down to credits).

> ## Example output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pipeline reporting
```

> The viralrecon pipeline provides analysis on a single target genome of interest, such as a virus. Numerous QC and reporting steps are included, finally finishing with a single [MultiQC](https://multiqc.info/) report containing a full summary of the analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numerous QC and reporting steps are included in the pipeline, and collated within a single [MultiQC](https://multiqc.info/) report containing a full summary of the analysis. You can see [an example MultiQC report here](https://raw.githack.com/nf-core/viralrecon/master/docs/html/multiqc_report.html), generated using the parameters defined in [this configuration file](https://github.com/nf-core/viralrecon/blob/master/conf/test_full.config). The pipeline was run with [these samples](https://zenodo.org/record/3735111), prepared from the [ncov-2019 ARTIC Network V1 amplicon set](https://artic.network/ncov-2019) and sequenced on the Illumina MiSeq platform in 301bp paired-end format. 
```

> To get a feel for what to expect, you can see [an example MultiQC report here](https://raw.githack.com/nf-core/viralrecon/master/docs/html/multiqc_report.html), generated using the parameters defined in [this configuration file](https://github.com/nf-core/viralrecon/blob/master/conf/test_full.config). The pipeline was run with [these samples](https://zenodo.org/record/3735111), prepared from the [ncov-2019 ARTIC Network V1 amplicon set](https://artic.network/ncov-2019) and sequenced on the Illumina MiSeq platform in 301bp paired-end format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Quick Start

> 1. Install [`nextflow`](https://nf-co.re/usage/installation)

Reviewer: Will need to change some of this stuff in the template too 😅

Author: Yeah, I wondered that.. 🙄

Author: https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/621
